Fix unclear wording in BinaryFormatter security guide (#34939)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/binaryformatter-security-guide.md

`BinaryFormatter.Deserialize` may be vulnerable to other attack categories, such as information disclosure or remote code execution. Utilizing features such as a custom <xref:System.Runtime.Serialization.SerializationBinder> may be insufficient to properly mitigate these risks. The possibility exists that a novel vulnerability will be discovered for which .NET cannot practically publish a security update. Consumers should assess their individual scenarios and consider their potential exposure to these risks.

> We recommend that `BinaryFormatter` consumers perform individual risk assessments on their apps. It is the consumer's sole responsibility to determine whether to utilize `BinaryFormatter`. Consumers should risk assess the security, technical, reputation, legal, and regulatory consequences of using `BinaryFormatter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that `BinaryFormatter` consumers perform individual risk assessments on their apps. It is the consumer's sole responsibility to determine whether to utilize `BinaryFormatter`. If you're considering using it, you should risk-assess the security, technical, reputation, legal, and regulatory consequences.
```
